and here there is also a favorite puppy
toshin a thoroughbred of just 11 months
but his hunting training has already
started he's being groomed to shine
the training is about the hunt the hunt
is about the hair
young dogs appeared with older dogs to
learn from
but these are dogs of the desert wind
and they need the space to really run
out here they come face to face with the
change that is happening all around them
never as abundant as the African
wildlife the animals here have all but
disappeared as a result throughout much
of the Arab world hunting has now been
banned the herds of Oryx and gazelle
well adapted to the sun-baked sands have
gone
high-powered rifles and 4x4 vehicles
changed everything and slowly the
fragile desert has become more and more
empty
their world is different now but with or
without the prospect of hunting this ex
army captain is determined to keep
breeding these beautiful dogs of the
desert
Hammad uses the surrounding scrubland of
the hounds we'll have to get used to for
the next step of their training he uses
captive hares out here to prepare his
hands for the command to release its
prey a command that must go against
every instinct of the dog but that is
what it has been trained to do even
though this is a training exercise
command must be careful hunting is
restricted here
you